Sure! Here are 20 science trivia questions about animals, formatted as requested:

Statement	Chr	Answer	Country	Game mode	Category	Tags	Unit						Possible Duplicate  
The average lifespan of a blue whale is approximately how many years?		80	Worldwide	Age	Science	Marine Biology	years						
The number of hearts an octopus has.		3	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Marine Biology	count						
The average number of hours a lion sleeps in a day.		20	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Zoology	hours						
The total number of bones in an adult giraffe's neck.		7	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Zoology	count						
The average number of eggs a female queen ant can lay in a day.		1500	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Myrmecology	eggs						
The number of limbs an octopus has.		8	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Marine Biology	limbs						
The average number of teeth in an adult dog.		42	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Zoology	count						
The number of different vocalizations a domestic cat can make.		100	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Zoology	sounds						
The maximum number of miles a grey wolf can travel in a day while hunting.		30	USA	Distance	Science	Zoology	miles						
The average number of days it takes for a butterfly to emerge from its chrysalis.		10	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Entomology	days						
The number of species of penguins that exist in the world.		18	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Ornithology	species						
The average number of hours a sloth sleeps per day.		20	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Zoology	hours						
The average number of times a hummingbird flaps its wings per minute.		1200	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Ornithology	flaps						
The number of vertebrae in a typical snake's body.		200	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Zoology	count						
The average lifespan of a tortoise can exceed how many years?		150	Worldwide	Age	Science	Zoology	years						
The average number of species of frogs in the world.		7000	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Herpetology	species						
The number of hours a manatee can hold its breath underwater.		20	USA	Amount	Science	Marine Biology	hours						
The average number of legs on an insect.		6	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Entomology	legs						
The number of species of bats found worldwide.		1400	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Zoology	species						
The average number of offspring a female elephant can have in her lifetime.		4	Worldwide	Amount	Science	Zoology	count						

Feel free to ask for more questions or modifications!