Here are 20 sports trivia questions formatted as requested:

Statement	Chr	Answer	Country	Game mode	Category	Tags	Unit						Possible Duplicate
The number of players on a standard rugby union team.		15	United Kingdom	Amount	Sports		Rugby players						
The year when the first FIFA World Cup was held.		1930	Uruguay	Age	Sports		FIFA World Cup	year					
The total number of Grand Slam titles won by Serena Williams as of 2023.		23	United States	Amount	Sports		Tennis titles						
The number of minutes in a standard soccer match (excluding stoppage time).		90	Global	Amount	Sports		Soccer match minutes						
The year the Olympics were first held in modern times.		1896	Greece	Age	Sports		Modern Olympics	year					
The number of players on a basketball team during a game.		5	United States	Amount	Sports		Basketball players						
The total number of gold medals won by Michael Phelps in Olympic history.		23	United States	Amount	Sports		Olympic medals						
The number of rounds in a standard boxing match for championship bouts.		12	Global	Amount	Sports		Boxing rounds						
The year when the first Super Bowl was played.		1967	United States	Age	Sports		American Football	year					
The total number of teams in the National Hockey League (NHL) as of 2023.		32	Canada/United States	Amount	Sports		Hockey teams						
The number of players on a standard American football team on the field at one time.		11	United States	Amount	Sports		Football players						
The year the first Tour de France took place.		1903	France	Age	Sports		Cycling	year					
The total number of titles won by the Boston Celtics in the NBA as of 2023.		17	United States	Amount	Sports		Basketball titles						
The number of countries that participated in the first Rugby World Cup in 1987.		16	Global	Amount	Sports		Rugby World Cup						
The year when the first Women's World Cup in soccer was held.		1991	Global	Age	Sports		FIFA Women's World Cup	year					
The total number of FIFA World Cup tournaments held as of 2022.		21	Global	Amount	Sports		FIFA World Cup						
The year that Usain Bolt set the world record for the 100 meter dash.		2009	Jamaica	Age	Sports		Sprinting	year					
The number of players in a standard ice hockey game per team.		6	Canada/United States	Amount	Sports		Hockey players						
The year when the first professional baseball league was established (National League).		1876	United States	Age	Sports		Baseball	year					
The total number of Olympic Games that have been canceled since the inception of the modern Olympics.		3	Global	Amount	Sports		Olympic Games canceled	 

Feel free to adjust any details that you may need!